cambiar = veranderen
contar = vertellen
entrar = binnenkomen
existir = bestaan
terminar = eindigen
ganar = winnen
formar = vormen
lograr = bereiken
presentar = presenteren
producir = produceren
aceptar = accepteren
comprender = begrijpen
imaginar = voorstellen
reconocer = herkennen
suponer = veronderstellen
dirigir = leiden
explicar = uitleggen
ofrecer = aanbieden
proteger = beschermen
resultar = blijken
significar = betekenen
tratar = behandelen
observar = observeren
representar = vertegenwoordigen
afectar = beïnvloeden
conseguir = verkrijgen
convertir = omzetten
decidir = beslissen
estudiar = studeren
olvidar = vergeten
recordar = onthouden
sufrir = lijden
utilizar = gebruiken
incluir = omvatten
establecer = vestigen
intentar = proberen
mejorar = verbeteren
evitar = vermijden
abandonar = verlaten
actuar = handelen
añadir = toevoegen
asistir = bijwonen
causar = veroorzaken
crecer = groeien
depender = afhangen
describir = beschrijven
disfrutar = genieten
eliminar = verwijderen
enfrentar = confronteren
exigir = eisen
expresar = uitdrukken
guardar = bewaren
