jugar = spelen
pagar = betalen
perder = verliezen
quedar = blijven
realizar = uitvoeren
contestar = antwoorden
cubrir = bedekken
dejar = stoppen
dirigirse = richten
dudar = twijfelen
echar = gooien
escuchar = luisteren
faltar = ontbreken
ganar = verdienen
gozar = genieten
gritar = schreeuwen
impedir = voorkomen
incluir = omvatten
indicar = aangeven
introducir = introduceren
invertir = investeren
investigar = onderzoeken
invitar = uitnodigen
matar = doden
mencionar = noemen
merecer = verdienen
mirar = kijken
mostrar = laten zien
mover = bewegen
nacer = geboren worden
negociar = onderhandelen
notar = opmerken
obtener = verkrijgen
ocupar = bezetten
ofrecer = bieden
ordenar = bestellen
parecer = schijnen
participar = deelnemen
pedir = vragen
pensar = van plan zijn
plantear = voorstellen
presentar = voorstellen
probar = proberen
producir = veroorzaken
prometer = beloven
proponer = voorstellen
publicar = publiceren
reducir = verminderen
referirse = verwijzen
regresar = terugkeren
